I need you to fix the layout of my Structural Field Explorer app.
Here is the problem:

On mobile Safari (iPhone), the visualization canvas sits too far from the header and footer. There is excessive blank vertical space above and below the visualization. This breaks the alignment of the bottom control panel and causes pop-up drawers to appear too high. Adjusting padding and margin in my code hasn’t changed this, meaning iOS Safari is injecting extra layout spacing (safe-area insets + flexbox expansion).

I need you to rewrite the layout so that:
	1.	The visualization container sits flush between the header and footer—no excess padding, no extra vertical expansion.
	2.	The header stays pinned to the top.
	3.	The footer panel stays pinned to the bottom.
	4.	The visualization area automatically fills the space between them WITHOUT causing overflow.
	5.	The layout works the same in Safari, Chrome mobile, desktop, and inside the Replit preview window.
	6.	No phantom spacing above or below the canvas.
	7.	Pop-up drawers should originate exactly above the footer, not floating too high because of invisible padding.

To accomplish this, please modify the HTML/CSS/JS to use a full-height flexbox layout with explicit safe-area handling. Use the following constraints:
	•	Set html, body to height: 100%; margin: 0; padding: 0;
	•	Apply env(safe-area-inset-top) and env(safe-area-inset-bottom) to neutralize Safari’s auto-padding.
	•	Main container should be:

display: flex;
flex-direction: column;
height: 100vh;
padding: 0;
margin: 0;


	•	Header: flex: 0 0 auto;
	•	Footer: flex: 0 0 auto;
	•	Visualization area:

flex: 1 1 auto;
display: flex;
justify-content: center;
align-items: center;
padding: 0;
margin: 0;
height: auto;


	•	Remove ALL padding/margin from canvas container
	•	Force the visualization to scale/respect available height using:

max-height: 100%;
object-fit: contain;



Please rewrite my layout code accordingly. Do NOT change unrelated logic. Only fix the container hierarchy, spacing, and CSS so the UI is perfectly flush and pixel-perfect between header and footer on Safari, Chrome, and desktop.